whenever there are changes people react
you can't stop it the euphoria takes
over and people click up on the trend
they can get carried away however in the
meantime there is much volatility and
uncertainty let's turn the page over to
China you came here for the truth today
we are going to look at the bank loan
that is taking place in China let's
begin this was back in May of 2017
Macallan launched facial recognition and
identity card checks for ATMs after
withdrawals surpassed 10 million a month
so what happens money starts fleeing
well they have to squash that from
happening so they said they were going
to put it in and now that is being
implemented this is present-day
Chinese betters are withdrawing money
from some ATMs in Macau and they'll need
to do more than punch in their pin code
they have to stare into a camera for six
seconds so facial recognition software
can verify their identity and help
monitor transactions and what are they
talking about here when they say monitor
well of course they want to know who's
taking money out of the system the
system doesn't work when you have paper
cash the system works when you take your
paper cash you put it in it deposits and
they are able to use fractional reserve
banking to do their dirty beads and this
here is very very frightening when
people start pulling money out of the
banking system and that's what's
happening today it's starting small but
it will continue as long as people are
in fear and as long as the trend
continues you're going to see it
accelerate it will snowball regulators
in the world's most lucrative gaming hub
are deploying machines with minority
reports biotechnology to keep tabs on
number one capital outflows from China
and for the potential money laundering
schemes that's what they're claiming
anyway I don't think this is is has
anything to do with money laundering
they want to crackdown
on individuals they want to know where
the money is going to want to know who
it's going to because they want your
taxes they want control and they want
tax money if you are profiting in some
way they want to make money off of that
if you operate a business and you
provide good service to people the
government wants a piece that's the way
this works China UnionPay
coal Network is the first to use a
software which will be installed in
cities 1200 cash dispensers so this is
just one example of a company that is
implementing this I'm sure this will
probably continue as they get technology
becoming more pervasive essentially so
this is not just one testing thing that
they're doing it's now going to be in
all of the cities 1200 cash dispensers
so it's interesting to see how it'll all
play out president of China is trying to
curtail the overseas shifting of
currency that helps suppress the value
of the yuan and drain capital reserves
this entire fractional reserve fraud
that we've been experiencing here
shouldn't really be allowed to exist but
here we are but the people it is the
people that are complacent and they
allow it to continue if you keep your
money in the banking system you have to
pay the price that's why people are
pulling their money out and they're
putting it under their mattress so
they're investing in assets and doing
something else because they don't trust
the system so let's move on here to
another article related to this Hong
Kong ATM network sees a surge in China
UnionPay withdrawals following facial
recognition move by Macau so they're
seeing what's happening they're getting
freaked out they're pulling their money
out that's the capital outflows that all
of these bankers are so scared of bank
runs are the worst possible thing for a
bank they are the worst thing because
then they can't even use your money to
make up for the shortfall
that's why they try to implement these
bail in regime
that's in Canada and of course all of
the g20 nations they want this policy
and they are getting it that's for sure
monitor sheet Chiefs in Hong Kong have
declined to or confirm the information
obtained by the South China Morning Post
that ATMs have seen a staggering rise in
withdrawals since the casino hub
introduced this recognition technology
in May as part of a bid to stem illegal
capital flight from mainland China
they're trying to point the finger here
I just believe that when one thing
starts to happen it spreads very very
quickly the rise in ATM withdrawals in
terms of volume and number has been
staggering the taps are gushing that's
according to one source it seems quite
clear that as the introduction of ATM
facial recognition technology in Macau
has put the squeeze on cash dispensing
withdrawals the pattern of withdrawals
has followed the path of least
resistance and that is - Hong Kong
interesting the way that works the
ripple effect and you will see that
geographically they are very close
together and also linked in some other
ways let's see what happens with this if
it continues it will escalate very
rapidly and then look at what Greece did
they basically turned off the taps and
then they said okay you can have your
money back you can have all your money
back except you can't get it today you
might get it later for now you can take
out whatever it was like 50 euros a day
or whatever and that's something that
worries me people don't really think
about that because they say look the
bank is not going to steal my money the
bank is going to be keeping it safe for
me and I trust them because historically
no one's ever lost any money in the
banks nobody has ever had to deal with
problems with the banks that's the mean
that's lie to keep hearing
is it okay if there's a bank run and
they call a bank holiday and for a short
period of time maybe it's just one day
maybe it's a weekend
well you can't access your money is that
okay you tell me some people actually do
agree with that that's it's fine it's
okay because my money safe for me that
is unacceptable and that's why should
not put any faith into the system
whatsoever if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
and if you found the video informative I
know you will find my books the money
GPS and my new release global economic
collapse even more informative you can
flip through these books at Amazon the
links are in the description of this
video the first book is about the four
asset classes and how to profit from
them whereas my new book gets into tax
incentives reducing your monthly
expenses and becoming self-sufficient in
what I call the money GPS strategy so
check those out at Amazon I just want to
let everyone know that I am also posting
all of my videos on two alternative
media platforms and that is vid me and D
tube so you can get those links in the
description as well I'm trying to
diversify out of this platform and into
those just I think it's just a wise idea
to do so so if you want to follow me on
there
definitely check me out every single
video that's posted here will also be
posted there so you won't miss a thing
take care